1 . A Scottish restaurant in a very grand setting in the centre of town. The food is lovely, but it can be a little rich at times, and the service can be a little slow. A good place to take someonne you'd like to impress, though, and it's not ridiculously expensive.
2 . Howies is a local chain with a number of restaurants in Edinburgh, it specialises in modern British/Scottish cuisine and proves itself to be popular with both locals and tourists.
3 . This branch on Waterloo Place is my favourite to visit for a boozy lunch. It is situated just beneath Calton Hill, so there's always the option to take a stroll up there if you're not too stuffed afterwards. The restaurant is bright and airy, due to the wonderfully high ceilings and tall windows, which drown the place with light (hence why it's good to visit during the day). The service is always impeccable and the food is of a high standard. I'd recommend that you end your meal with the cheeseboard, you get a great selection of delicious Scottish cheeses and oatcakes - don't be afraid to ask the waitress for a few extra, I always find myself with far too much cheese for too few oatcakes!
4 . I had been to the other Howies on Victoria Street and was quite looking forward to trying out this one. It's located just underneath Carlton hill, inside a beautiful old building.
5 . Despite the great setting the food was a bit of let down. I came here about 3 months ago and ordered the vennison stew with chocolate. Very excited to try this exotic sounding dish we were presented with food, which tasted like it had just been microwaved. Have you ever smelt meat and potatoes that have been microwaved? They have that distinct smell and taste. To add to this, the bread pudding with custard I had, although delicious to start with, was dry in the middle.
6 . The girl serving our table was very friendly, although you could she was new on the job. She couldn't understand the order of wine we wanted and kept getting mixed up. Also it took them ages to come take our order in the first place and there weren't that many other customers. 